So, we start with a signal for the NIC, the hardware converts it to digital and puts it inside it's ring buffer using the DMA. After copying it sends an IRQ. The IRQ has 2 parts. A hard and a soft part. The hard part is the actual IRQ it makes the CPU stop everything, the only thing happening during the hard IRQ handling (handled by the driver interrupt handler) is the CPU acknowledging that the data exists and scheduling the second part, the soft IRQ. This is done through raising a flag, NET_RX_SOFTIRQ when the NIC recieves something and putting the napi_struct of my NIC to the poll_list.

The napi_struct gets created at startup with the net_device struct which contains the information about the card. There's a napi_struct for every RX queue (basically input) so we can uniquely indentify where is the data coming from. The napi_struct is used throughout the process of handling the data to ensure all of it gets proccessed correctly (it holds things like work left to be done or if the work is being done right now) The soft IRQ handles the actual data parsing and the rest of the process. The soft IRQ is handled through a daemon (background process) called ksoftirqd.

What this does is look at a list of all the functions it could call to handle the soft IRQ (the poll list). The poll list is a circular doubly linked list. It uses something brilliant. The list is made by the structs in the list. There is no actual list object or something anywhere. There is a basically dummy head and then each of the napi_structs has a pointer to the next thing inside the poll list inside itself. This means that when we have the address to the dummy head we can do head.next which accesses the pointer poll_list inside the napi_struct that is first but since the struct data is next to eachother we can just shift the pointer a bit (with container_of) to get the pointer to the whole struct.
Also, this structs poll_list pointer will just point to the next thing in the list and the last thing in the list points back to the head. This way the napi_structs are the literal nodes of the list. So ksoftirqd just has the address of the dummy head and does head.next to access the thing in the poll list. Parses data and when the scheduler decides it was enough ksoftirqd can just update the state of the napi_struct to know where we ended. After the whole struct is parsed we just remove this node and do head.poll_list = head.poll_list.poll_list until the head points to itself. Actually, this gets done in a different function called napi_poll().
The daemon and napi_poll that gets called maintain a strict contract. Every napi_struct has the size of the packet. The daemon knows this. Napi_poll() takes in the byte budget for each call (usually hardcoded to 64 packets)  and after parsing that it returns control to the daemon. This way, if the scheduler decides work is done it can stop almost immediatelly. napi_poll also returns how much work did it actually do. If it is less than 64 we know there is nothing more to parse since it stops when reaching the end of the packet.
What napi poll does is mapping the sk_buff struct which actually holds the formatted and named data including tcp,ip and ethernet headers. First it allocated memory for it with netdev_alloc_skb(), then when sk_buff is completely filled out netif_recieve_skb(&skb) gets called which passes the finished struct onto the next part. This effectivelly finishes OSI layer 2 (data linking layer, ethernet) and links to layer 3 (IP).
Layer 1 was converting from raw signals to digital inside the card.
netif_recieve_skb will then handle layer 3 (ip). This function checks the ptype_all linked list with all the processes listening for all traffic. Each node has a pointer to a sniffer function (through deliver_skb) that gets called so the process gets the traffic. Then we get to ptype_base which is what actually processes the data. We identify the IP type field in our skb struct and go to the ptype_base hash table which has handler functions for all the different types. We call deliver_skb and call the handler function with it (for ipv4 its ip_rcv).
It is also important to note that skb stores 4 pointers: head pointing to the start of the memory alloc, data which points to the current data to process, tail which point to the end of the actual payload behind all the headers and then end which points to the absolute end of the allocated memory (we have separate tail and end so we can append and not do any reallocations).
At the end of netif_recieve_skb we shift the data pointer effectivelly stripping the ethernet layer and call ip_rcv with deliver_skb which will call the function based on the packet_type struct that it got from the hashtable. This finishes layer 2, ethernet.

Now, the only thing ip layer does is do sanity checks, check if something hasn't been dropped and glues the parts of the packets together. The gluing is there because the physical cable we are sending that data with has a limited MTU (max transmission unit). If we send a packet bigger than that the network stack will split it into multiple packets and then glue them together in the destination. ip_rcv does the actual checks of data integrity (checksum). If it fails it deletes the packet through kfree_skb(&skb) then ip_rcv_finish(&skb) gets called. This will check if the destination IP inside the struct is the actual IP of the device. If it is it proceeds by calling ip_local_deliver(&skb). This handles the gluing.
The IP header has a fragment flag, if this flag is true and this packet is not the final piece (checkes by ID and MF(more fragments coming) bits) it will put it in a temporary holding buffer (sorted by id and frag offset) where it waits until the rest arrives. The limit for that is 30 seconds. After that it gives up on the whole big packet. At the origin place of the data, the network stack does the opposite. It will check the MTU and the packet size and divide the packets up, declaring all the flags in the process. After this is done the data gets linearized, the data needs to get physically copied to one big block of ram. This is incredibly expensive and that's why fragmentation is so bad. ip_local_deliver calls ip_local_deliver finish at the end which calls skb_pull(&skb, 20) moving the head pointer and reads the protocol inside skb (TCP is 0x06) then it uses another hash table called inet_protos to lookup what to call with this and call tcp_v4_rcv(skb) for IPv4 TCP. This finishes the OSI Layer 3 (IP).
Layer 4 is TCP. TCP again validates the checksum and then __inet_lookup_skb() gets called which takes the SOURCE_IP:SOURCE_PORT, DEST_IP:DEST_PORT 4-tuple and finds a File Descriptor in a massive hashtable (it was created when sock was created at the start) for the struct which connected to the sock struct. The sock struct is already deep inside the nesting doll as a pointer inside the socket struct which is a general containers for the sock structs which cant really be generalized since theres so many different protocols and types.
There is also the type of the sock struct inside socket (like tcp_ipv4) The socket gets created empty inside struct socket_alloc all they way at the start when calling the high level socket(). socket_alloc allocates the space for the whole thing and is also a struct which links and inode needed for VFS with the socket struct which holds the actual data.
The inode is kind of a metadata and properties container for VFS (virtual file system). Since it manages all of the data we need to be able to use it to access actual memory (all the pointers and addresses I have mentioned so far are virtual) the inode holds all the permissions and read, write, poll etc... functions for the linked data so the VFS can operate with it correctly.
So back to the file descriptor. It points to the sock struct which holds the actual data about our packet. It has the types, protocols, state flags and then the actual data. This data is held inside sk_recieve and sk_write queues. This way, we can hold all the data of one type together and not have multiple structs for it. Then with our sock struct and skb struct ready.
We call tcp_v4_do_rcv(sk, skb) (sk is the standard for the sock pointer) which does checks based on flags and values in sock like next expected ID and if there is not anything missing. If it is, it will actually rerequest the packet.
This is not an active rerequest, everytime when recieving a packet or its part, TCP will send an ACK (acknowledgement) that it received everything upto packed x, if a packed it missing it will not update the counter and send a duplicate ACK which will make the sender realize a packet dropped.
If it is not we call tcp_queue_rcv(sk, skb) and put the struct in the queue. This linked list is literally the buffer of a socket. At the end of tcp_queue_rcv sk->sk_data_ready(sk).  It is a massive, nested C function call stack. napi_poll calls netif_receive_skb, which calls ip_rcv, which calls tcp_v4_rcv, which calls tcp_queue_rcv. When the packet is safely in the Socket Buffer, the functions return (return 0), the stack unwinds all the way back up to napi_poll, and napi_poll grabs the next packet from the NIC's Ring Buffer.
This effectivelly ends the TCP layer (4).
During high-level setup phase of our whole connection, we create an epoll (function for polling the sock queue) instance and create the underlying sock and file structs and give the FD of those structs to the epoll. The epoll stores this in a red black tree. At then end of layer 4 after calling rcv queue, a callback function was fired called sk_data_ready which wakes up epoll (if we have registered the sock FD with this instance) and makes epoll look into its RBT, find our FD and move it to a ready list (linked list) which wakes up my user process.
This is done by looking at the wait queue of sock which has all the task descriptors that are processes waiting for data and we tell the CPU to put them in the runqueue. These processes start running and use a return of epoll_wait() which is an array of FDs that have the data. With that we then call rcv(fd) which takes the fd which is the fd of the sock struct.
Looks into the recieve_queue and copies all the data into char buffer[] which is in the user space.
